You get a shiver in the dark
It's raining in the park, but meantime
South of the river, you stop
and you hold everything
A band is blowing Dixie,
double-four time
You feel alright when
you hear the music ring
Well, now you step inside
But you don't see too many faces
Coming in out of the rain
to hear the Jazz go down
Competition in other places
Ah, but the horns,
they blowin' that sound
Way on down south
Way on down south, London town
Check out guitar George
He knows all the chords
Mind, it's strictly rhythm
He doesn't want to make it cry or sing
Yes and an old guitar is
all he can afford
When he gets up under
the lights to play his thing
And Harry doesn't mind
if he doesn't make the scene
He's got a daytime job,
he's doing alright
He can play the Honky Tonk like anything
Saving it up for Friday night
With the Sultans
With the Sultans of Swing
And then the man,
he steps right up to the microphone
And says at last,
just as the time bell rings
"Goodnight, now it's time to go home"
Then he makes it fast
with one more thing
"We are the Sultans
We are the Sultans of Swing"